+++
title = "2025 Lessons so far"
date = 2025-09-18
draft = true

[taxonomies]
tags = ["career", "opinion", "off-topic"]
+++

# What I Learned.

Being part of a team managed by someone supportive is positive 100%. Why?

Hierarchy was important at the time even I'm not liking it that much.

I might never confront a person if he's only telling me about what my obligations are and nothing else, obligations are the only things that matters that you as a professional should be concerned in accomplishing, it's the bare minimum, know why they hired you for and commit with it.

We've had several discussions about several topics.

# Social Sphere Growth 

The world was taken by people buying from people who sells they are good without any proof,

<!-- 1) What is the topic? -->
<!-- 2) What is the argument? -->
<!-- 3) Why I'm saying this and that? -->

<!-- 1) -->
Unskilled developers claiming job positions undeserved

<!-- 2) -->
I think there is a lot of places (in companies) where people allocate themselves without really deserving
> No I don't think I learned how to identify this kind of people in just 5 minutes, I need to see their work first.

<!-- 3) -->
I saw a parallel team composed by at least 5 developers costing USD $29.000/month (BRL R$150.000) at my current company that didn't delivered any software of product for more than 6 months straight 

# Software Engineering Sphere

Planning a product matters, there is no product or service without careful planning; Designing the database correctly is
by far the most important part of a product, but I think the difference is discussing about the database with another people
who understands about the topic during the design; Why? you might ask; Because the idea behind discussing with commonly database aknowledged
people about the core design of a database design is not only because we learn from them, but because I feel I got aware about the end user
too, I feel like when I talk I'm already using the application, because if I'm concerned about the things I want, or I feel it matters, or
I feel it should have or not, I'm 100% dedicated talking about the core and edge-cases. [more?]

No matter what archictecture you choose, the most important part is the whole team agreeing with the structure and agreeing with working with the.

# Key Takeways

- Arguing and discussing is great, but don't let this surpass undesired boundaries; What do I mean by undesired boundaries?
- Choose your next job wisely, anxiety blinds and doesn't allow good arguments; Maybe try Taoism?

# Moving Forward